lib: location: Add new Location library (#5963)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/location/README.rst

Each individual location request has been implemented in a separate function within the sample.
In addition to the :ref:`lib_location` library, this sample uses :ref:`lte_lc_readme` to control the LTE connection.

Configuration
*************

|config|

Configuration options
=====================

Check and set the following configuration options for the sample:

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_LOCATION_SAMPLE_GNSS_ANTENNA_ONBOARD` - Onboard GNSS antenna is used (default)
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_LOCATION_SAMPLE_GNSS_ANTENNA_EXTERNAL` - External GNSS antenna is used

Additional configuration
========================

Refer to the :ref:`lib_location` library document for configuring the location retrieval behavior, including supported location methods and services.

Configuration files
===================

The sample provides predefined configuration files for typical use cases.
You can find the configuration files in the |sample path| directory.

The following files are available:

* :file:`esp_8266_nrf9160ns.overlay` - DTC overlay for ESP8266 Wi-Fi chip support.
* :file:`overlay-esp-wifi.conf` - Config overlay for ESP8266 Wi-Fi chip support.

> * :file:`overlay-pgps.conf` - Config overlay for P-GPS support.

Author: Not really, AGPS is on in `prj.conf`. P-GPS needs an overlay because of the memory requirements.

#. Observe that the sample prints to the terminal

Sample output
=============

An example output of the sample:

   .. code-block:: console

      Location sample started

      Connecting to LTE...
      Connected to LTE

      Requesting location with short GNSS timeout to trigger fallback to cellular...
      [00:00:06.481,262] <wrn> location: Timeout occurred
      [00:00:06.487,335] <wrn> location: Failed to acquire location using 'GNSS', trying with 'Cellular' next
      Got location:
      method: cellular
      latitude: 12.887095
      longitude: 55.580397
      accuracy: 1250.0 m
      Google maps URL: https://maps.google.com/?q=12.887095,55.580397

      Requesting location with the default configuration...
      Got location:
      method: GNSS
      latitude: 12.893736
      longitude: 55.575859
      accuracy: 4.4 m
      date: 2021-10-28
      time: 13:36:29.072 UTC
      Google maps URL: https://maps.google.com/?q=12.893736,55.575859

      Requesting location with high GNSS accuracy...
      Got location:
      method: GNSS
      latitude: 12.893755
      longitude: 55.575879
      accuracy: 2.8 m
      date: 2021-10-28
      time: 13:36:32.339 UTC

>       Google maps URL: https://maps.google.com/?q=12.893755,55.575879

Author: Well, some of us were rowing also at the same time :)

>       Requesting 30s periodic GNSS location...

Author: Add WiFi positioning output here

.. _location_sample:

nRF9160: Location
#################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The Location sample demonstrates how to retrieve device's position using selected methods, such as GNSS, cellular positioning or WiFi positioning.
> This is achieved utilizing :ref:`lib_location` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Location sample demonstrates how you can retrieve the location of a device using GNSS, cellular or Wi-Fi positioning method.
This sample uses the :ref:`lib_location` library.
```

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-rows:: /includes/sample_board_rows.txt
   :header: heading
   :rows: thingy91_nrf9160_ns, nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns

.. include:: /includes/spm.txt

> See also the requirements in :ref:`lib_location` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also the requirements in :ref:`lib_location` library document.
```

Overview
********

> The Location sample retrieves the location multiple times to illustrate different ways of retrieving devices location.
> This is done simply by implementing each individual location request in a separate function within the sample.
> In addition to :ref:`lib_location` library, this sample uses :ref:`lte_lc_readme` to control LTE connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Location sample retrieves the location multiple times to illustrate the different ways of retrieving the location of a device.
Each individual location request has been implemented in a separate function within the sample.
In addition to the :ref:`lib_location` library, this sample uses :ref:`lte_lc_readme` to control the LTE connection.
```

Configuration
*************

|config|

Configuration options
=====================

> Check and configure the following configuration options for the sample:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check and set the following configuration options for the sample:
```

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_LOCATION_SAMPLE_GNSS_ANTENNA_ONBOARD` - Board has onboard antenna
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_LOCATION_SAMPLE_GNSS_ANTENNA_EXTERNAL` - Board does not have onboard antenna so external antenna is used

Additional configuration
========================

> Check :ref:`lib_location` library for configuration of the location retrieval behavior including supported location methods and services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the :ref:`lib_location` library document for configuring the location retrieval behavior, including supported location methods and services.
```

Configuration files
===================

The sample provides predefined configuration files for typical use cases.
You can find the configuration files in the |sample path| directory.

The following files are available:

> * :file:`esp_8266_nrf9160ns.overlay` - DTC overlay for ESP8266 WiFi chip support.
> * :file:`overlay-esp-wifi.conf` - Config overlay for ESP8266 WiFi chip support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :file:`esp_8266_nrf9160ns.overlay` - DTC overlay for ESP8266 Wi-Fi chip support.
* :file:`overlay-esp-wifi.conf` - Config overlay for ESP8266 Wi-Fi chip support.
```

* :file:`overlay-pgps.conf` - Config overlay for P-GPS support.

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/nrf9160/location`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_nrf9160.txt

> ESP8266 WiFi support
> ====================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ESP8266 Wi-Fi support
=====================
```

> To build the Location sample with ESP8266 WiFi chip support, use the ``-DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=esp_8266_nrf9160ns.overlay -DOVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-esp-wifi.conf"`` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the Location sample with ESP8266 Wi-Fi chip support, use the ``-DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=esp_8266_nrf9160ns.overlay`` and  ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-esp-wifi.conf"`` options.
```

For example:

``west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns -- -DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=esp_8266_nrf9160ns.overlay -DOVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-esp-wifi.conf"``

> See :ref:`cmake_options` for more instructions on how to add this option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`cmake_options` for more instructions on how to add these options.
```

P-GPS support
=============

> To build the Location sample with P-GPS support, use the ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-pgps.conf"`` options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the Location sample with P-GPS support, use the ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-pgps.conf"`` option.
```

For example:

``west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160ns -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG="overlay-pgps.conf"``

See :ref:`cmake_options` for more instructions on how to add this option.

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

#. |connect_kit|
#. |connect_terminal|
#. Observe that the sample prints to the terminal

Sample output
=============

> Below you'll see an example output of the sample::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example output of the sample:
```

   .. code-block:: console

      Location sample started

      Connecting to LTE...
      Connected to LTE

      Requesting location with short GNSS timeout to trigger fallback to cellular...
      [00:00:06.481,262] <wrn> location: Timeout occurred
      [00:00:06.487,335] <wrn> location: Failed to acquire location using 'GNSS', trying with 'Cellular' next
      Got location:
      method: cellular
      latitude: 12.887095
      longitude: 55.580397
      accuracy: 12500.0 m
      Google maps URL: https://maps.google.com/?q=12.887095,55.580397

      Requesting location with the default configuration...
      Got location:
      method: GNSS
      latitude: 12.893736
      longitude: 55.575859
      accuracy: 4.4 m
      date: 2021-10-28
      time: 13:36:29.072 UTC
      Google maps URL: https://maps.google.com/?q=12.893736,55.575859

      Requesting location with high GNSS accuracy...
      Got location:
      method: GNSS
      latitude: 12.893755

>       longitude: 55.575879and configure the following library options that are used by the sample:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      longitude: 55.575879
```

      accuracy: 2.8 m
      date: 2021-10-28
      time: 13:36:32.339 UTC
      Google maps URL: https://maps.google.com/?q=12.893755,55.575879

      Requesting 30s periodic GNSS location...
      Got location:
      method: GNSS
      latitude: 12.893765
      longitude: 55.575912
      accuracy: 4.4 m
      date: 2021-10-28
      time: 13:36:33.536 UTC
      Google maps URL: https://maps.google.com/?q=12.893765,55.575912

      Got location:
      method: GNSS
      latitude: 12.893892
      longitude: 55.576090
      accuracy: 8.4 m
      date: 2021-10-28
      time: 13:37:04.685 UTC
      Google maps URL: https://maps.google.com/?q=12.893892,55.576090

Dependencies
************

This sample uses the following |NCS| libraries:

* :ref:`lib_location`
* :ref:`lte_lc_readme`
* :ref:`lib_date_time`

> In addition, it uses the following samples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, it uses the following sample:
```

* :file:`overlay-esp-wifi.conf` - Config overlay for ESP8266 Wi-Fi chip support.
* :file:`overlay-pgps.conf` - Config overlay for P-GPS support.

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/nrf9160/location`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run_nrf9160.txt

ESP8266 Wi-Fi support
=====================

To build the Location sample with ESP8266 Wi-Fi chip support, use the ``-DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=esp_8266_nrf9160ns.overlay`` and  ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-esp-wifi.conf`` options.
For example:

``west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns -- -DDTC_OVERLAY_FILE=esp_8266_nrf9160ns.overlay -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-esp-wifi.conf``

See :ref:`cmake_options` for more instructions on how to add these options.

P-GPS support
=============

To build the Location sample with P-GPS support, use the ``-DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-pgps.conf`` option.
For example:

``west build -p -b nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns -- -DOVERLAY_CONFIG=overlay-pgps.conf``

See :ref:`cmake_options` for more instructions on how to add this option.

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

#. |connect_kit|
#. |connect_terminal|

> #. Observe that the sample prints to the terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Observe that the sample prints to the terminal.
```

.. _location_sample:

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/nrf9160/location`

nRF9160: Location
#################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Location sample demonstrates how to retrieve device's position using selected methods, such as GNSS, cellular positioning or WiFi positioning.
This is achieved utilizing :ref:`lib_location`.

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-rows:: /includes/sample_board_rows.txt
   :header: heading
   :rows: thingy91_nrf9160_ns, nrf9160dk_nrf9160_ns

.. include:: /includes/spm.txt

See also the requirements in :ref:`lib_location`.

Overview
********

The Location sample retrieves the location multiple times to illustrate different ways of retrieving devices location.
This is done simply by implementing each individual location request in a separate function within the sample, and those functions are then called in the main().
In addition to :ref:`lib_location`, this sample uses :ref:`lte_lc_readme` to control LTE connection.

> Configuration

Author: Done
